Publication 20250517 (#129)
yayoi-chi/yaya-world: content/en/news/2025/stream-recap-18-may.org

#+TITLE: Stream Recap: 18 May
#+DATE: 2025-05-18T14:01:11-07:00
#+DRAFT: false
#+DESCRIPTION:
#+TAGS[]: stream recap news
#+KEYWORDS[]:
#+SLUG:
#+SUMMARY: Back to four game streams this week and (spoiler warning) probably next week too. This week included a fun and exciting collab with Bsparkx in Genshin and a Wuthering Waves stream. We're also very close to finishing Xenosaga Episode II!

* Art Streams
Another stream, another panel. I did this stream at a new time to help ensure that I was able to schedule everything I needed to get done and some self-care time. It also led to a bit of a longer stream. Though it didn't lead to finishing the panel. Almost done though! We got this!
* Game Streams
Back to four game streams this week and (spoiler warning) probably next week too. This week included a fun and exciting collab with Bsparkx in Genshin and a Wuthering Waves stream. We're also very close to finishing Xenosaga Episode II!
** Persona 5 Royal

> We did it! We found all the will seeds! We also secured out route to the treasure and even explored Mementos. It was one heck of a day for Persona 5! Decided to wait until next time to actually send the calling card, but that means you we get to start of with a good boss fight next time! It'll be loads of fun!

Reviewer: our instead of out
also added 'great' to day because it sounded negative the other way. You can choose to accept or not, just think this sounds more positive.
```suggestion
We did it! We found all the will seeds! We also secured our route to the treasure and even explored Mementos. It was one heck of a great day for Persona 5! Decided to wait until next time to actually send the calling card, but that means you we get to start of with a good boss fight next time! It'll be loads of fun!
```

Author: Good suggestion o:! didn't think of that

#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/I45-S4A8LQs?si=qObnjF9QO-TG64LT" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
** Wuthering Waves
May have gotten sucked into Changli's story quest 😅 I promised cubies though and I at least delivered cubies! In fact I might actually be a pretty good delivery girl. At least the daily quest seemed to think I was. The daily quest that got us into Changli's story. Oh! We also got through level 10 in Abbowser's Castle! Not sure I'll do all 21 levels, but we'll see.
#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HIIx9iH2rgw?si=IODI6FbiXLw0er5N" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
* Next Week

> We are back to another full week of streams spread across [[https://www.twitch.tv/yayoi_chi][Twitch]] and the [[https://www.youtube.com/@yayoi-chi][YouTube Channel]] No collab this week, but we will still have a day for both Genshin and Wuthering Waves. Also, I think we may be starting Xenosaga Episode III this week, we'll see!

Reviewer: missed a period
```suggestion
We are back to another full week of streams spread across [[https://www.twitch.tv/yayoi_chi][Twitch]] and the [[https://www.youtube.com/@yayoi-chi][YouTube Channel]]. No collab this week, but we will still have a day for both Genshin and Wuthering Waves. Also, I think we may be starting Xenosaga Episode III this week, we'll see!
```
